h1. Radiant CMS flickr gallery extension 

A quick extension with an admin tab to let users easily insert inline thumbnail galleries of their flickr photosets.  


h2. Requirements

<p>*Gems*<br /></p>
nokogiri
openuri


h2. Features

* light on features, just a way to create simple thumbnail galleries from photosets on flickr
* admin tab with easy copy paste interface for clients to manage placing galleries
* in line galleries and multiple galleries per page
* designed to work well with javascript modal boxes (like <a href="http://fancybox.net" target="_blank">fancybox</a>) 


h2. Installation

h4. Clone the repo to your radiant extensions directory

<pre>
git clone git://github.com/scullygroup/radiant-flickr-gallery.git vendor/extensions/flickr_gallery
</pre>

h4. Create flickr.yml in your radiant config folder

<pre>
key: 77777777777777777777777777777777
secret: 7777777777777777
user: 77777777@N08
</pre>

Replace the 7's with your flickr api key <a href="http://www.flickr.com/services/apps/create/apply/" target="_blank">here</a> and find your flickr user id <a href="http://idgettr.com/" target="_blank">here</a>.

h4. Run the update rake task for the extension

<pre>
rake radiant:extensions:flickr_gallery:update
</pre>


h2. Make it fancy

That's all there is to it, and now you have a flickr based gallery that you could fancy up on the front end.  I recommend <a href="http://fancybox.net/" target="_blank">fancybox</a> it lets you use css selectors to specify the dom elements you want to make modal box links, and I happen to already have classes built in.

It's as easy as downloading fancybox, and adding this javascript to the head of your site:

<pre>
$(document).ready(function() {	
  $("div.flickr-gallery a").fancybox();
});
</pre>

If you don't want to use fancybox or you just want to modify the dom elements to better suit your needs, just edit the view for the gallery 

<pre>
vendor/extensions/flickr_gallery/app/views/flickr_gallery/_gallery.html.erb
</pre>